Flow Windows Certificate Store support added. (#5176)
grafana/agent: docs/sources/flow/reference/config-blocks/http.md

* `TLS12` for TLS 1.2
* `TLS11` for TLS 1.1
* `TLS10` for TLS 1.0

### windows certificate filter block

The `windows_certificate_filter` block is used to configure retrieving certificates from the built-in Windows

> certificate store. When using the `windows_certificate_filter` block

Reviewer: ```suggestion
certificate store. When you use the `windows_certificate_filter` block
```

the following TLS settings are overridden and will cause an error if defined.

* `cert_pem`
* `cert_file`
* `key_pem`
* `key_file`
* `client_ca`
* `client_ca_file`

{{% admonition type="warning" %}}

> This feature is not available on any platforms other than Windows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature is only available on Windows.
```

TLS min and max may not be compatible with the certificate stored in the Windows certificate store. The `windows_certificate_filter`
will serve the found certificate even if it is not compatible with the specified TLS version.
{{% /admonition %}}

### server block

The `server` block is used to find the certificate to check the signer. If multiple certificates are found the 
`windows_certificate_filter` will choose the certificate with the expiration farthest in the future.

Name | Type           | Description                                                                               | Default | Required
---- |----------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------| --------

> `store` | `string`       | Name of the system store to look for the server Certificate ex LocalMachine, CurrentUser. | `""`    | yes
> `system_store` | `string`       | Name of the store to look for the server Certificate ex My, CA.                           | `""`    | yes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`store` | `string`       | Name of the system store to look for the server Certificate, for example, LocalMachine, CurrentUser. | `""`    | yes
`system_store` | `string`       | Name of the store to look for the server Certificate, for example, My, CA.                           | `""`    | yes
```

Do we want/need to include examples here? Generally these are noted below the table.

`issuer_common_names` | `list(string)` | Issuer common names to check against.                                                     |         | no

> `template_id` | `string`       | Server Template ID to match in ASN1 format ex "1.2.3".                                    | `""`    | no

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`template_id` | `string`       | Server Template ID to match in ASN1 format, for example, "1.2.3".                                    | `""`    | no
```

`refresh_interval` | `string`       | How often to check for a new server certificate.                                          | `"5m"`  | no

### client block

The `client` block is used to check the certificate presented to the server.

Name | Type           | Description                                            | Default | Required
---- |----------------|--------------------------------------------------------|-----| --------
`issuer_common_names` | `list(string)` | Issuer common names to check against.                  |     | no
`subject_regex` | `string`       | Regular expression to match Subject name.              | `""` | no

> `template_id` | `string`       | Client Template ID to match in ASN1 format ex "1.2.3".                 |   `""`   | no

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`template_id` | `string`       | Client Template ID to match in ASN1 format, for example, "1.2.3".                 |   `""`   | no
```
